my name is Jared Todd I'm going to show
you a little bit about how to profile
and then we're going to go in and we're
going to profile this blade and get it
to its final shape now first of all what
you can do the corners of the wheel here
are one of your biggest assets from
removing the most material you can
really push into the corner and remove a
lot because when you push into the whole
belt itself it creates quite a
resistance and doesn't remove material
as fashion you'll notice that as I
remove these larger sections I'll really
rely a lot on the corner of the wheel
and when you do rely on a corner of the
wheel you want to track the belt a
little bit over that corner of the wheel
see they don't run into the into the
rubber which will destroy the wheel so
I'll start this up and we'll adjust the
tracking and we'll get started
as you can see it's taken off quite a
bit
and you just continue doing that around
until you bring the metal into these
lines that you have drawn so all grind a
little bit more out here in this finger
cut out and then bring this down to this
edge make sure you wear safety goggles